# Final Capstone : Task Manager

This project is a Task Manager Program that allows users to view their tasks, add more tasks or view all tasks. This program is designed to help managing task assignment within a small team. The main administrator will also be able to generate reports on tasks that are overdue or on task completion. User-specific reports on task assignment and completion percentage are also available for the user.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)

## Installation

  1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
  2. Open the folder in your prefered IDE.
  3. Make sure the files "user.txt" and "tasks.txt" are in the same directory as "the task_manager.py".
  4. Run the file "task_manager.py" in your prefered IDE.

## Usage

### Login
  1. When the program initializes, you will receive a prompt to enter your username and password.
  2. If it is your first time using this task manager, make sure to enter the username "admin" and password "password".
  3. If you input a wrong username, the program will take you back to the login screen.
  4. You will be able to register more users once logged in as an administrator.

### Main Menu
The main menu allows the user to add tasks, view his own tasks and view all tasks assigned to any user.

  1. To add a task, select "a" from the main menu and follow the instructions.
  2. To view all assigned tasks, input "va" on the main menu. 
  3. To view your user's tasks, select "vm" on the main menu. On this option, you will be able to either mark that task as complete or edit the selected task.
  4. If you are logged in as an admin user, you have the added features of registering new users ("r"), generate reports ("gr") and display the statistics generated by the reports ("ds") by selecting the appropriate option.

## Credits

This project was created by Henrique Martins da Cunha. The program was written by utilising knowledge acquired from the HyperionDev Software Engineering Bootcamp, as well as "StackOverflow" and "W3schools.com".


